
# Cloud Audit Logs

Data Access audit logs help the Support team troubleshoot issues with your account. Therefore, we recommend keeping them enabled.
Cloud Audit Logs provides the following audit logs for each Cloud project, folder, and organization:

- Admin Activity logs
- Data Access logs
- System Event logs
- Policy Denied logs

**Admin Activity audit logs** contain log entries for API calls or other actions that modify the configuration or metadata of resources. For example, these logs record when users create VM instances or change Identity and Access Management permissions.

**Data Access audit logs** contain API calls that read the configuration or metadata of resources, as well as user-driven API calls that create, modify, or read user-provided resource data (f.e. BigQuery)

**System Event audit logs** contain log entries for Google Cloud actions that modify the configuration of resources. System Event audit logs are generated by Google systems; they aren't driven by direct user action.


**Policy Denied audit logs** are recorded when a Google Cloud service denies access to a user or service account because of a security policy violation. The security policies are determined by _VPC Service Controls_, which provides the Policy Denied audit logs to Cloud Logging.

# Usage reports

When you enable usage reports, Compute Engine delivers two types of reports to the Google Cloud Storage bucket (command `gcloud compute project-info set-usage-bucket --bucket [BUCKET_NAME] [--prefix [PREFIX]]`)
Usage reports provide information about the lifetime of resources, f.e. how many VM instances in the project are running an some machine type and how long each instance has been running, storage space of a persistent disk, etc.

1. Daily usage reports - delivered daily and include usage data from the preceding day. Each report is a separate file that contains data from the last period
2. Monthly rollup report - a single monthly rollup report is delivered daily, which contains monthly usage data for that project up to, but not including, that day. 



